# Ex01 C# Object-oriented programming Course

## Ex01_01 Binary series

---

Write a program of receiving from the user 3 numbers in binary format of 7 digits each.
After each number, a user presses enter. Invalid input will be reported to the user as invalid and the program will wait for valid input.
The program will convert the numbers entered into decimal numbers and print them in decimal format in ascending order.
In addition, the program will print statistics about the input:

- What is the average number of zeros / units(That is, sum up all the zeros / units that have been entered from all the inputs and divide by some inputs )
- No residue divides by 3
- Some of their twentieth digits, representing Plinthrum) What is 1)

## Ex01_02 Diamond for beginners

---

Write a program that prints to a rhombus screen of asterisks as follows: \*
\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\*\*\*
\*\*\* \*
Should be realized with the help of recursion.

## Ex01_03 Advanced diamond

---

Write a program that will work like a diamond program for beginners, but will receive the desired rhombus height as input from the user
The user must be alerted for incorrect input!
) Try to realize this by referring to the assembly you created in section 2) Diamond for beginners (by adding Reference
From the project of this section to the project of the previous section.

## Ex01_04 String analysis

---

Write a program that receives as input a string the size of 9 characters (for example: abbCaCbba) and provides the following details:

1. Is the string a plinth (to be realized by recursion)
2. If it is a number - is it divided by 3 without a remainder ..
3. If it is a string in English - the number of lowercase letters in it (lowercase)

Please note that the string must consist of English letters only (uppercase or lowercase), or numbers only.

## Ex01_04 Numbers statistics

---

Write a program that receives from the user an integer of 9 digits and provides the following details:

1. Some of the small digits tell the unity in the number
2. What is the largest digit in the number
3. Some of the digits in the number are divided by 3 with no remainder
4. What is the average of the digits
